there was also a lot for the tribe of
manasseh for he was the firstborn of
Joseph namely fur maker the firstborn of
Manasseh the father of Gilead because he
was a man of war therefore he was given
Gilead and they should and there was a
lot for the rest of the children of
Manasseh according to their families for
the children of a by Iza the children of
heal ik the children of Isreal the
children of Shechem the children loved
heithir and the children of Shem maiden
these were the male children of Manasseh
the son of Joseph according to their
families but Salafi had the son of Haifa
for son of Gilead the son of Makia the
son of Manasseh had no sons but only
daughters and these other names of his
daughters malla Noah Hagler Milkha and
Tessa and they came near before Eleazar
the priest before Joshua the son of nun
and before the rulers the LORD commanded
Moses to give us an inheritance among
our brothers therefore according to the
commandment of the Lord he gave them an
inheritance among their fathers brothers
10 shares fell to Manasseh
besides the land of Gilead and Batian
which were on the other side of the
Jordan because the daughters of Manasseh
received an inheritance among his sons
and the rest of Manasses sons had the
land of Gilead and the territory of
Manasseh was from Asha to make meth but
lies east of Shechem and the border went
along south to the inhabitants of
Entebbe Manasseh had the land of Capua
but appear on the border of Manasseh
belonged to the children of Ephraim and
the border descended to the brook caner
southward to the brook these cities of
Ephraim are among the cities of Manasseh
the border of Manasseh was on the north
side of the brook and it ended at the
sea southward
it was Ephraim's northward it was
Manassas and the sea was it's bordered
Vanessa's territory was adjoining Asha
on the north and Asaka on the east and
in Asaka and in Asher Manasseh had
better Sheehan and its towns a bloom and
it's towns the inhabitants of door and
it's towns the inhabitants of Endor and
it stands the inhabitants of tannic and
it's towns and the inhabitants of
Megiddo and it's towns three hilly
regions yet the children of Manasseh
could not drive out the inhabitants of
those cities but the Canaanites were
determined to dwell in that land and it
happened when the children of Israel
grew strong that they put the Canaanites
to forced labour but did not utterly
drive them out then the children of
Joseph spoke to Joshua why have you
given us only one muck and one share to
inherit since we are a great people and
as much as the Lord has blessed us until
now if you are a great people then go up
to the forest country and clear a place
for yourself there in the land of the
parasites and the Giants since the
mountains of Ephraim are too confined
for you the mountain country is not
enough for us and all the Canaanites who
dwell in the land of the valley have
chariots of iron both those who are of
Beth Chien and it's towns and those who
are of the valley of Jezreel and Joshua
spoke to the house of Joseph to ephraim
and manasseh
you are a great people and have great
power you shall not have only one lot
but the mountain country shall be yours
although it is wooded you shall cut it
down and it's farthest extent shall be
yours for you shall drive out the
Canaanites though they have iron
chariots and are strong